[Applause]
[Music]
I wish I was a little bit taller I wish
I was a baller I wish I had a groove
right before being arrested for huh you
think you're hot cuz you don't know how
good I am at what I knew I see you come
try real hard be a twelve-year-old pie
fight it's not a pie fight
think it through what your mother got a
job for it just in case in case what
in case you fail in case you don't work
out yes man she's filling your head full
of beer I pump you full of strength cuz
we're on team and I know you got what it
takes you're starting I know it that's
why I'm here I'm your cheerleader honey
boy
don't need to talk about my dad
good take good tape you did it daddy
good job everybody
my dad's not the reason that drink he's
the reason I work you hope I have good
instincts I got rodeo clown dancing so I
could never make it in Hollywood if you
start one idea how do you think it feels
to have my son paying me
how do you think that feels you wouldn't
be here if I didn't pay
[Music]